Puppetconf '13
==============

Oscar: Rapid iteration with Vagrant and Puppet Enterprise
---------------------------------------------------------

When trying to debug software problems it's critical to be able to reproduce the
original situation, and Puppet Enterprise is no exception to this.  The Puppet
Labs support team needs a way to rapidly reproduce customer issues across a wide
range of operating systems and various versions of Puppet Enterprise.

Oscar is a set of Vagrant plugins that handles machine provisioning and
configuration to install Puppet Enterprise. It's designed to make building a
Puppet Enterprise as simple as running `vagrant up`. While Oscar was originally
built for supporting Puppet Enterprise, it provides a general platform for
developing and testing against Puppet Enterprise. This talk will go over the
history of Oscar, the current state, how it's used, and where to get it.

What should the audience gain from the presentation?
----------------------------------------------------

At the end of the talk, the audience should understand the basics of Vagrant and
why it's such a good fit for Puppet Enterprise. They will understand the
difficulties of deploying software into a multi-vm Vagrant environment, and how
Oscar handles these challenges and makes installing Puppet Enterprise
effortless. They should see Oscar in action and understand how to rapidly deploy
Puppet Enterprise using Vagrant. They should have the resources to try out Oscar
and use it for developing and testing Puppet modules in a hassle-free,
reproducible environment.

Speaker Biography
-----------------

Adrien Thebo has been in the Operations/Software development field since 2005,
starting at small IT shop in Boise, Idaho. He started at Puppet Labs in 2011 on
the Operations team, and used Puppet to run the Puppet Labs infrastructure. In
2013 he transferred to the Community platform team, working with contributors to
merge their contributions in Puppet Core. He develops and maintains a number of
Puppet modules and tools around Puppet, and when he's not writing code for
Puppet then he's probably blogging about it.
